# 08-15-2022

Previous [Diary](https://aryanmangla23.github.io/08-14-2022/)

Next [Diary](https://aryanmangla23.github.io/08-16-2022/)

I woke up from a very interesting dream (I had only 1 dream prior of this 1 during summer, so only 2 dreams in the span of summer). I was driving russell back home and my parents texted me why i am not home yet even though i said ill be back in 2.5 hours. Then my dad was calling me and told me u can't keep adding the time you are outside. Then I was pissed and said "I only say 2.5 hours cuz ik that you won't letme go if it is 3 hours. So, I have to lie to even get out of the house then change hte time" Which is true btw lol. Then my dad said come home rn, and so I quickly dropped russell to his home then when putting the maps back to my home it said 29 minutes drive, which first of all makes 0 sense cuz it's like 15 minuted drive from his house to mine. K wtvr, so I thought I was screwed in my dream, so I started speeding 50+ miles and saw there were slow cars in front of me, and i looked at the opposite lane on my left where there were no cars driving in the opposing lane. So, I quickly went on that opposing direction lane and then sped up infront of the car and went back to the correct direction lane. And I did this like 3x, and then the 4th time a car was headed down on the opposing direction lane and I didn't notice it. So, I swerved the car and got into some car crash. And my imaginary body got thrown out of the windshield. And while my body was flyign out of the windshield, I like went through someone else's memories. And that person was Priscilla reading a book (prbly like current time), Then a younger Priscilla crying in various areas like in her bed and bathroom (past). Then, I immediately snapped out of the dream after that. 

That was very interesting...

Worked at my elementary school. Took a nap, worked a tiny bit, now I want to go over something i realized. 

Am I overprotective over my sister? She definetely pushes me away a lot of time, but I realize taking care of someone is not about whether they want it or not. It is about helping and finding a way to care for someone. Hmm kinda related with suicide. I feel so bad when my friends feel bad or like depressed af. For exmaple with Mars. When she was hella depressed and shit, many people prbly tried to help her even though she didn't want it. But for me instead wat I do, knowing she is gonna push me away and mute my notifications with her. I'd find a way to talk to her, meet her, and have fun with her. I swear by this, if any of my friends are depressed, I would not care whether they want to talk, I'd find a way for it be successsful just to see you guys another day. I can't imagine how guilty I would feel if one of my friends died. Idk why this even came into my mind. It was not like i was sad or anything. It was just a realization, that if you feel guilty that means you didn't try everything to help that person. I wouldn't feel guilty for forcing someone to feel better so they can have a bettter day. I dont give a fuck if they hate me. **As long as I can see them tomorrow**
